native hip clang support (#1338)
alpaka-group/alpaka: docs/source/advanced/cmake.rst

HIP
---

> To enable the HIP backend please extent ``CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`` with the path to the HIP installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the HIP back-end please extend ``CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`` with the path to the HIP installation.
```
